alright three black boxes here we go
it's the doneness 2008 black boxes with
all 10 ones should be seven plates two
autographs
I jammed a nickel hmm good was that Jon
Beason worky autographing marion barber
101 autograph Thomas Clayton Antonio
Pittman good JP lost one Levi Brown and
Edgerrin James okay Mary in school right
in the middle the video did not here we
go
what's up Ted Ginn jr. oh cool bar graph
on
Darryl Greene that's awesome excellent
let's go up Tyler Palko David irons
Ronald curry
happening Eddington
clinton portis ok
Ted Ginn low on and I'm Darrell Berning
that's pretty cool where's the agent
Pierson's on dry shirt on I thought
Dante Hughes flip Brandon Marshall start
up my petunias or blended Lester Antonio
Pittman Roy Hall mobile steve breaston
LT lt1 one cool and rex grossman now
happy with the Rex not at all Rex and
effects all right there's the plate not
bad see you
you